so welcome to another
from me today no comments already
today what brand new video game myths
as I said in advance
and as you can see it's about pokémon it
Today is about 2 video games
first, the tomi mythos and the
second missing you
Let's start something with the toni
the first pokémon editions were 151
pokémon wow what a 151 only
Now we think I have no idea
46 pieces no idea
so that's about the 232 number and
million 151 in pocket 6s means that the
a failed clown attempt
is from mio and that's with him
the depot of this klum try so me
do not know but this myth will
still believed that really ditto
this failure of this experiment is
but he is passed on, and me
do not know so the question is yes
whether this is true with what we become
see
So let's go with the little ones
button the gates ditto is possible all
learn to attack by only his
attacke converter he uses himself in
transform any pokemon like you
already said the apa and it is because
that a genetic misconstruction
so has this error from this
clown he called because a complete
I own dns dns from every pokemon
Do not know
I'll go straight to the menu
it is not possible either
but not to learn attacks
because of transducers because, for example, when
one of these days you can probably no
others can learn new from behind
learn everything what it wants
there is really as I said all dns
There are traces of pokémon but there are
even more similarities the
unbelievable if they realized that
both agreed that they are pink yes it is
similar funny actually what can you do
still say that a blue mio knows what
that of course the chemistry form
mio is there because of light blue
of course that the tour here too
nice picture between ditto and mio
like both such a similar one
actually look very good so well
the blue is actually good though
another ten meters
then yes as you can see now mean
I weigh both side by side okay then both
four kilos okay but a difference
is there between the two nexus s is the
size both are only 100 centimeters
away from each other is the bigger and
it looks smaller than 100 pages again
but the question is actually
whether this dns zeugs tried one
bust was or so but that the
myth
that's what i know they 're alike
similar but not so similar i know
it not
You know, write me the comment
I would always answer your questions
be happy again
Well that was the first myth like us
Go to missing missing you will be fine
everyone from the old games know where
one must only meet very often could
because it's always playing in the previous ones
there were many programming errors
Now we are the 2012 where it is
The technology shines and shines
okay not quite yes we start with
to the name
missing only ok someone has times
I wonder why a little bit more
yes, everyone has
Who can google it clearly in the
Advantage not sowas wine knowledge only
consists of two parts
missing and no the missing stands for
English from misery so not available
missing what I know
if you occupy that because only point
is synonymous point you see well or
woe to program knows and must now
has seen times only know know
that one point connection
that's the abbreviation for number so
English and German number means
missing only missing the number
why that was so there was 151 pokemon like
already said above at a first
said and jannis ingo was easy
not programmed and that was then
a programming error because missing yet
no pokédex number has kicked where the
brass as 152 or missing number
because it's not just that
monster number i call you but
now with ingo was then at the beginning
very spectacular because it is very big
but then it did not even have advantages
so express negative consequences had for
the pokémon play
the advantage of missio was that the
vitamin bag at the sixth place
129 times the negative thing was that
the foyer was broken or
no idea why
and it too graphic and memory errors
What most players do to the new
started bringing this game and
they did not want to meet anymore
so said but well
that's what this myth says now
unfortunately died because of the games
were just improved to now
example, you see black and white 2
or black and white 1
I do not know what comes next
I'm not such a pokémon sugar then
I would have to ask someone else but
earlier in the other games was
just a bit reachable now
unfortunately not right anymore but only
even with ten modules with modules yes with
exactly one module was only valid
but I would simply say you are
very moderate only optimally encountered
actually had to catch because of
have only ever start over
she writes in the comments I am
always pleased
Well, I was so happy for you
to bring a little new from me so
I hope you liked something new
to hear from me not only comments
about games and youtuber now times
video games myths
I'll do more of these things
because I have no myths yet
very unknown are even too
well known as for example i have to stop
only yes probably knows everyone knows but
if you like German
subscribing or subscribing is always possible
and comment on what you want as
next for a video game huts
hear or have you ever heard of myths
encountered similar and sent me
just once something and I know with
personally like to analyze
So I hope I have this with me
video helped a bit further though
invade the video game hero and me
Hope to see you at the next video
comment and now video games